# Final-Project
 In our final project we looked at Los Angeles Airbnb data that provided various details about the Airbnb rental itself and the individual who is hosting the listing. This data was chosen since we are interested in traveling, but also need to keep in mind staying in a college student budget (which can be limited). So, this got us thinking about what plays a role in predicting Airbnb prices. 
 We peformed an MLR analysis utilizing sklearn, statsmodels, and machine learning. In addition, we ran hypothesis tests utilizing scipy. The three different models were not as promising as we would want since they lacked precision in predicting the Airbnb prices like we wanted. This led us to believe that maybe other predictors would be more useful, but we did not have access to that in our timeframe. 
To accompny our data analysis, we created an exploratory Daashboard on Heroku which involved data exploration opportunities for non technical users. Our dashboard has a home page with a logo complimented by 2 additional pages called Airbnb Finder and Airbnb Profile that allows one to find an Airbnb based on certain specifications like price, neighborhood and room type and then use the ID for that Airbnb and get description about that specific Airbnb rental and host like the minimum cost of staying, amenities and whether the host is a super host. We decided to do this as some of these specifications play an important role when selecting which Airbnb to stay in.
Overall, this project was interesting to partake in since we were exposed to new technology and Python packages. Additionally, it showed us that we won’t always get the best results and will need to fix and edit in the future.
